Logging enhancement (#48)
robotology/gazebo-fmi: plugins/actuator/README.md

~~~
The plugin filename is `libFMIActuatorPlugin.so` .

### Documentation of the parameters of the `<plugin>` tag.
| Parameter name | Type    | Description                 | Required  |  Notes |
|:--------------:|:-------:|:--------------------------: |:---------:|:-----:|

> | verbose        | boolean | Verbose logging setting. | No | Default value is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| verbose        | boolean | If true, print non-error messages related to plugin. | No | Default value is false. | 
```

> | actuator       | actuator| Actuators managed by this plugin instance. | Yes | Look at `<actuator>` tag below.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| actuator       | actuator | Actuators managed by this plugin instance. | Yes | Look at `<actuator>` tag documentation in the next section. |
```

  ...
  <plugin name="fmi_actuator_plugin" filename="libFMIActuatorPlugin.so">
    <actuator>

>       <verbose>false</verbose>

Reviewer: I am wrong or the `<verbose>` tag should be a child of `<plugin>`, not a child of `<actuator>`?

Author: Yes you are right.
